Congratulations to the Astronauts that left Earth today. Good choice.  Kobe was a legend on the court and just getting started in what would have been just as meaningful a second act. To lose Gianna is even more heartbreaking. We did it, @JoeBiden. Two deadly viruses are killing Americans: COVID-19 and racism. Chadwick was diagnosed with stage III colon cancer in 2016, and battled with it these last 4 years as it progressed to stage IV. We have therefore made the assessment that #COVID19 can be characterized as a pandemic. We intend to step back as 'senior' members of the Royal Family and work to become financially independent, while continuing to fully support Her Majesty The Queen. More Aussie land is currently burning than exists in the entire country of Belgium. The smoke is causing breathing probelms in New Zealand... Half a billion animals have been killed. Eight people are dead. Today I have signed the Withdrawal Agreement for the UK to leave the EU on January 31st, honouring the democratic mandate of the British people. I predicted that the war would start right before my flight. Forgive me for my good and bad deeds. Go home. We love you. You're very special. When day comes, we ask ourselves, where can we find light in this never-ending shade?


---

Congratulations to the Astronauts that left Earth today. Good choice.  Kobe was a legend on the court and just getting started in what would have been just as meaningful a second act. To lose Gianna is even more heartbreaking. We did it, @JoeBiden. 

Two deadly viruses are killing Americans: COVID-19 and racism.

Chadwick was diagnosed with stage III colon cancer in 2016, and battled with it these last 4 years as it progressed to stage IV.

We have therefore made the assessment that #COVID19 can be characterized as a pandemic.

We intend to step back as 'senior' members of the Royal Family and work to become financially independent, while continuing to fully support Her Majesty The Queen.

More Aussie land is currently burning than exists in the entire country of Belgium. The smoke is causing breathing probelms in New Zealand... Half a billion animals have been killed. Eight people are dead.

Today I have signed the Withdrawal Agreement for the UK to leave the EU on January 31st, honouring the democratic mandate of the British people. 


I predicted that the war would start right before my flight. Forgive me for my good and bad deeds.

Go home. We love you. You're very special.

When day comes, we ask ourselves, where can we find light in this never-ending shade?


---


Former President Donald Trump has been acquitted in his historic second impeachment trial.


The national organization of the [Boy Scouts of America] filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in order to equitably compensate victims who were harmed during their time in Scouting and ensure Scouting’s future. 







@andymilonakis
@BarackObama
@KamalaHarris
@1kingmyles
@BorisJohnson
@ChadwickBoseman
@manwithoutatan
@chrisshipitv
@WHO
@sorush_ab
@CNN
